Dataset: Craft Beer (includes beers.csv & breweries.csv)
Author: Karl Prasher

Problem Statement: Breweries need a good predictor model for the quality of
the beers based off the type of beer, location, etc.

Proposal 1: Using indictors such as location, type of beer, and others,
how well can I predict ABV and then cross reference against the
ABV column to test the model? Possible challenges include null values. It will
be extremely difficult to pull thousands of values from different breweries
websites(in whatever category/column that may be). There may not be enough
indictors (variables) to create a good working model.

Proposal 1 Pitch:
Based on the ingredients of a beer, I can predict how much alcohol by volume(ABV)
the beer will contain. Breweries need good predictors for how the beer will turn
out because making large batches are expensive so to optimize profit, they can
optimize the grains and hops put into the beer production.

Proposal 2: Using the key indictors, can I predict the quality(beer scores) of
beer and cross reference against the scores at ratebeer.com? How well will my
predictor score be? Data mining and sorting through the data will be difficult
based on the number of rows. Once the data is cleaned, using location, ABV, IBU,
and others, creating a model may be easy, but finding the correct combination
and algorithm, may be a bit difficult. How good a beer is may also be indicated
by the amount of sales which could be used in the model if the data was available.

Proposal 2 Pitch:
My beer model predicts the scores of beers on ratebeer.com based on key indictors
such as location, IBU, ABV, and type of beer. If this model is successful(a
good predictor) then I can predict if a beer will taste good or bad.

Proposal 3: Where is the most popular beer is located on the IBU scale?
Does location dictate where on IBU scale breweries make their beer? Possible
challenges include null values. It will be extremely difficult to pull thousands
of values from different breweries websites(in whatever category/column that may be).
Possibly mapping breweries over a map and then filtering only the best beers to
provide a visualization of where the best beer are located (even filter by
region). How good a beer will taste based on location is hard to predict since
beer is mostly water and breweries get their water from the city(more than likely)
and it will be extremely hard to determine the nutrients in the water because most
cities operate from several different reservoirs.

Proposal 3 Pitch:
When traveling the country, you may want to grab a beer. My model constantly
updates scores of beers from ratebeer.com and plugs it into my model to give
you the best beers in your region. Then it can even perform statistical analysis
to give you which brewery near you gives the best selection rather than just the
best rated beer.
